# CIS3365_GR8SolutionsApp
The following Project was completed during the Spring 2022 Semester for CIS 3365. Our Project Summary has been included below. The three individuals responsible for the coding and system development included Mohammad Ali, Alex Arredondo, and Jordan Allen (myself).

GR8 Solutions Project Summary 
Corporate Move Consulting Incorporated (CMCI) is a consulting agency that oversees the relocations of corporate offices. CMCI uses a paper filing system to record client and move-related data. A successful move is contingent on customer satisfaction and the minimization of damage to client equipment. During a move, CMCI’s IT Technicians are responsible for disconnecting and reconnecting IT equipment. There are two separate forms that must be submitted by the IT Technician for the disconnect and reconnect of equipment of each employee workstation. As move-related issues arise, a representative from CMCI’s client-side reports issues to CMCI using a follow-up form. This form contains details regarding the nature of an issue, and CMCI will cross-reference the submitted form to assign a technician to investigate the matter.

The follow-up and disconnect/reconnect forms are easily mishandled as they exist exclusively on paper. GR8 solutions commenced work with CMCI in the fall of 2021 to develop an application that will facilitate the management of these forms. The application will define various levels of access for CMCI administrators, CMCI IT Technicians, and CMCI client-side representatives. GR8 solutions have expanded the functionality of this app to include project scheduling, customer billing, and employee payroll. The 3-tier application will be programmed using the pyQt library in Python for the user interface, a Python backend, and connect to a remote MS SQL server to manage data. 
